what's up my girlfriend her and
welcome to the second
Eighth finals of the Fei World Tour Yes
friends asked why is the emperor on
I'm happy to talk about the video
unfortunately record in the middle of the night
because the type of player comes from
New Zealand just let ten
hour time difference goes ran today
against jb should fifa friends the first of the
so in his country has come
first place first and that
not be a difficult number
and if we should win friendly
shows short table
then we would definitely stay here
quarterfinal stand by
of course give my best today
at night just in the middle of I must
but it can be full
I just do not
and yes friends I would say start with
so directly in the background ours
I come to teams or teams everyday
am dead is nervous but i give mine
Best times off you go so my friends
and then if even just old
james l fifa I'm really damned
Being nervous for a while is now
just real in the middle of the night that is
it's just about everything in the middle of everything
the night and I just can not do that
to comment out loud though I actually
would have to give full because of it
All friends then all right then
Look now most are taken care of
what else has to offer oh shit
man who captured the full anyway courage
still moderate in blasphemy
always in the form of age would be the
player must be damn good
in debt my best give
So far, it's been over
with vettel
Koschitz
come the maria shoot no
No
beautiful a free kick could come
cost
it is so delays can ye
Do not imagine not delaying that
is a combo lanci age bring one
nice flank now you bring one
beautiful flank on the maria
u
no no no way away
comes nice now animal keeper 10 shoots
di maria he takes apart
elfmeter crap friends I do not know
if he was the last one I looked
every eleven meter costs low and
Craps if I continue to do it myself
second in the middle he has the episode
Looked like shit you come now
Maria now available as a goal
oh my god oh my god
quiet now com com restarts
beautiful pass nice pass can be off
comics martin ku ej cuadrado age
com com com
no my god
comes this costs he makes everyone
header purely the cost made
walter the one with his long hessen there
always my job card arrives
I smell it makes good 90 minutes
90 minute 90 minute oh my god ey look
something they disabled disabled
people come but please whistle
from 5 but from here my dear friends
wants to win the first game with 10
young boy couple playing a sick game
In any case meets the 90 minutes
we can still do the 1 1 in
our eleven meters are fired
actually win a little bit higher
Of course you could be lucky
had the opponents his chance
not made pure and indeed by the
I would say
Let's look at the return match
the channel of the opponent that will again
really exciting 10 is still called
nothing at all that is almost like a zero too
zero
I'm so fucking mails in the middle of it
night yes friends sometimes wanted to say
I already believe that in others
videos also said for gaming tvm
ultimately our new one
summer collection released below
other her tanktop and swimwear
different colors of the tank tops and
so I just had to go swimming
click on the top of the turn off
the link in the description can there
then your pants and tank tops
ordered in any case really mega deal
and drop the neon colors I find
personally really horny and become like that
made friends that among the first
500 order 20 or 25 people from you
then get one for the gamescom
backstage card can be with us almost
chill with and slawen and more
a ticket to gamescom
that means who is not yet a ticket
or so gets under any circumstances
these first 500 order so 20
some of it get one of them
that you may be a bit of luck here as
of course i would say friends simons on
the channel of the opponent again but the
biggest big revanche i can do
no longer talk a thumbs up
up for this awesome game yes
the last episode has an incredible 24,000
thumb or you really sick in any case
that will do everything again this time
clear
in it speak damn it must us
in the return match too few and cordially
welcome to the ko phase of fei world
one today finally begins
international phase the tournament